[Music]
hey go that much hey do me a favor
[Laughter]
[Music]
girl
[Applause]
oh really yeah cuz I'm here
bitch try to tell me she don't fuck with
me better hum girls wanna fuck man I
don't really care
cuz I'm getting muddy how many ya cuz
I'm getting money G bitch try to tell me
she don't fuck with me play my nigga my
G money in issue here we get creamed
honey
the mother niggas broke pudding cat's
gonna looking like we wanna little
poppin bottles
Hennessy Moscato with her back my on my
team it is but Jimmy popping back bitch
niggas nah we don't fuck with them
niggas snitching like shit it's alright
catch a snitch nigga in its on-site
money to his head
tell him good night cuz I'm bitch try to
tell me she don't fuck with me better
homegirls wanna fuck man I'll really
care
cuz I'm getting money oh really yeah cuz
I'm getting money
[Music]